#summary How to compile AltDrag
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation

= Introduction =

This document explains how to compile AltDrag. There are two distinct parts that you have to compile separately, the 32-bit part and the 64-bit part.

Your first task is to download the AltDrag source code, [http://code.google.com/p/altdrag/source/checkout instructions here].


= Compiler =

I use [http://mingw-w64.sourceforge.net/ mingw-w64] to build AltDrag. Contrary to its name, there is also a 32-bit compiler available. You need the 32-bit toolchain to build 32-bit binaries, and the 64-bit toolchain to build 64-bit binaries. So if you want to build for both 32-bit and 64-bit, you will need to get both toolchains.

The [http://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw-w64/files/ mingw-w64 file download] section is a mess, so to find the files you want, search for the prefix `mingw-w32-1.0-bin_i686-mingw` to get the correct 32-bit download and `mingw-w64-1.0-bin_i686-mingw` for the 64-bit download.

It doesn't matter where you extract them, but I usually use `C:\mingw-w32` and `C:\mingw-w64`.

I previously used the normal [http://www.mingw.org/ MinGW] to build the 32-bit part of AltDrag, but moved from it because they never update it anymore. Note that you should still be able to build the 32-bit part with MinGW, but you must modify `build.bat`. You do need mingw-w64 if you want to compile the 64-bit part.

Note that the mingw-w32 and mingw-w64 toolchains have prefixed binaries, e.g. the name of `gcc` for mingw-w32 is `i686-w64-mingw32-gcc` and for mingw-w64 is `x86_64-w64-mingw32-gcc`. The normal MinGW binaries does not have any prefixes. This means that you can have MinGW, mingw-w32 and mingw-w64 installed and all three in PATH without any conflicts. It does make it a bit annoying to type manually though, but I have a build script that will make it easier.


== Missing function definitions ==

Note that in previous versions of MinGW, there were some missing library definitions for the subclassing API. The latest version should be fine however. If you get errors about `DefSubclassProc` and `RemoveWindowSubclass`, be sure to check that you have the latest version.


= Configure PATH =

After downloading the compilers, you need to add them to the PATH variable so the build script can use the them. Do this by _right clicking_ on the _Computer_ desktop icon, go to the _Advanced_ tab, press the _Environment variables_ button, locate the PATH variable and add _<mingw-w32 path>\bin_ to the list, and press ok on all the dialogs. If you want to build the 64-bit part, add mingw-w64 to the PATH as well.

Here is an example of my PATH variable: `C:\mingw-w32\bin;C:\mingw-w64\bin`

If you had the terminal open when you changed the PATH variable, you must restart it.


= 32-bit part =

The 32-bit part is `AltDrag.exe` and `hooks.dll`. They are compiled by mingw-w32 or MinGW. To compile the 32-bit part run `build.bat`. It's convenient to run `build` in a terminal so you can see any error messages. You can also run `build run` to automatically run AltDrag after it has been built.


= 64-bit part =

The 64-bit part is `HookWindows_x64.exe` and `hooks_x64.dll`. These files are only used if you enable HookWindows and are running x64. They need to be 64-bit so that they can hook into 64-bit processes. To compile them you must use mingw-w64. Run `build x64` to build the files.

Note that `AltDrag.exe` and `hooks.dll` are not supposed to be compiled as 64-bit programs. You still need a 32-bit component to be able to use HookWindows for 32-bit processes, and because there is a prevalence of 32-bit programs that we use even on 64-bit Windows, it doesn't make sense to make AltDrag 64-bit only (yet).


= Installer =

To build the installer you need to download [http://www.scratchpaper.com/ NSIS Unicode] and the [http://nsis.sourceforge.net/AccessControl_plug-in AccessControl plug-in]. Put NSIS in PATH, then run `build all` in the terminal to automatically build the installer. Run `build all x64` to build and include the 64-bit part in the installer.


= Video walkthrough =

If you don't get it working, it might help to watch [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ENwQxSr_So this video]. In it I explain how to compile another program of mine, SuperF4. These instructions should work just as well with AltDrag.

<wiki:gadget border="0" url="http://stefansundin.com/stuff/youtube-iframe.xml" up_id="4ENwQxSr_So" up_args="rel=0" width="640" height="390" />

Add a comment if you need help.