#summary Directly from info.txt

Check [http://altdrag.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/localization/en-US/info.txt info.txt] if there seems to be something missing. Note that info.txt may contain changes for upcoming versions.

*0.6* - 2009-02-12:
  * Sticky behavior now works with resize (except when resizing in all directions).
  * Fixed tray not being hidden by `-hide`.
  * Fixed mouse cursor not changing when Aero was disabled in Vista.
  * Language can now be changed in AltDrag.ini.

*0.5* - 2009-01-12:
  * You can now resize windows with the middle or right mouse button.
  * You can now double-click a window to maximize it.
  * You can now blacklist certain windows from being dragged and certain windows from being sticked to.
  * Blacklisted by default: the alt+tab window in Vista.
  * Sticky-blacklisted by default: the Vista start menu orb.
  * The mouse cursor will now change when you move and resize windows.
  * Only one instance of AltDrag can now be run. Starting AltDrag again will make the first copy add its tray icon.
  * Experimental feature disabled by default: you can now press the shift key while normally moving windows (dragging the titlebar) to make them stick. Doesn't work on all windows in Vista.

*0.4* - 2008-09-14:
  * You can now press the shift key to make the window stick to other windows.

*0.3* - 2008-08-03:
  * Fixed a bug that made AltDrag ignore all windows which were at the screen borders since it thought they were fullscreen windows.
  * Improved performance by only installing the mouse hook when the alt key is pressed.

*0.2* - 2008-08-01:
  * You can no longer drag fullscreen windows.
  * The window is better placed when it's restored from its maximized state.

*0.1* - 2008-06-05:
  * Initial release.