#summary If AltDrag is useful to you, please consider donating money.
#labels Featured

My name is Stefan Sundin. I am a university student in Sweden, programming my tools in my free time.

Donations are a great motivation for me to keep updating my programs. They are also perfect to get my attention if you want me to add some special feature.

You can get in touch with me by sending an email to `stefan(at)stefansundin.com`. You can also [http://stefansundin.com/ visit my website] to read a little more about me.


== Crowdfunding campaign ==

==== 2013-04-20 ====
 I have finally been able to spend some time on AltDrag and I hope you people will like the new beta. I've started a [https://www.catincan.com/proposal/altdrag/altdrag-10 a crowdfunding campaign] on the newly started Catincan website (it's like Kickstarter, but for open source projects). It is my hope that this campaign will bring life to this project again and that it will make the next version as great as it can possible be, and also make way for future releases.

 If the goal of $1000 is met before June 18th (59 days from now), I promise that I will finish development on version 1.0 before the end of this summer, and maybe another beta before that. I will also develop a new translation system that will make it easier to translate and the possibility to add new translations in between releases.

 For every $10 that you donate, you will get one vote that you can use on a bug report or feature request. The bug reports and feature requests with the most votes will be given the most attention by me.

 If you donate $100, you will get to chat with me (video, audio, or just text, depending on your preference) for an hour or two, and you can tell me about a new feature that you'd like to have, and I'll code it live, on the spot. You'll get to keep anything that I make, and if I like the feature I'll put it into the next release. It doesn't even have to be related to AltDrag, it can be a totally new program if you want. You will still get to cast 10 votes, as well.

 You can easily add your pledge with your credit card. *You will only be charged if the goal is reached.* You can log in with your Google, Facebook or Github account, you do not need to create a new account over at Cantican.

 Please go [https://www.catincan.com/proposal/altdrag/altdrag-10 to the campaign site] if you want to read more.

  * == [https://www.catincan.com/proposal/altdrag/altdrag-10 I want to pledge] ==

  * == [https://code.google.com/p/altdrag/downloads/list No thanks, take me to the downloads] ==

<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td width="870">
<table width="100%">
<tr align="center">
<td width="100%" align="center"><wiki:gadget border="0" url="http://stefansundin.com/stuff/catincan-iframe.xml" up_id="448" width="324" height="402" /></td>
</tr>
</table>
</td>
</tr>
</table>


= Other donation options =

I prefer that you donate in the campaign above, but here are the donation options that are also available.

== Who else have contributed ==

While I have done most of the work, here are some people who have contributed.
  * Alexander De Sousa: Spanish and Galician translation
  * Jack Jin: Chinese translation
  * Neek Eoneof: Russian translation
  * Miroslav Miklus: Slovakian translation

Also thanks to everyone who have reported bugs and suggested great features!


= How to donate =

Currently you can choose to donate with PayPal, Flattr or Bitcoin.


== Donate with PayPal ==

The easiest way to donate is by sending money with PayPal to `recover89(at)gmail.com`. You can donate with PayPal without a PayPal account, using only your credit card.

[https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=8727MAF7NTYRE http://altdrag.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/donate.png]


== Donate with Flattr ==

[http://flattr.com/ Flattr] is a service that allows you to easily donate a very small amount. If you have Flattr, then you can flattr me by clicking this button:

<wiki:gadget url="http://stefansundin.com/stuff/flattr/google-project-hosting.xml" border="0" width="55" height="62" up_uid="recover" up_title="AltDrag" up_desc="Drag windows when pressing the alt key" up_tags="stefansundin" up_url="http://code.google.com/p/altdrag/" />


== Donate with Bitcoin ==

[http://bitcoin.org/ Bitcoin] is a very new and exciting digital currency that enables peer to peer transactions. With Bitcoin, there are no almost no transaction fees.

Send BTC to: `1EhDUbc5MjC6JavC6idKiTCxnqSxY2sbTX`


== Other donation alternatives ==

I want to offer as many donation alternatives as possible. Let me know if you know of a good service that I do not offer.

If you prefer, you can transfer money to me by bank, email me to get banking details.


= Thank You! =

Thank you for giving something back! I really appreciate it!