#summary Help me localize AltDrag into more languages.
#labels Phase-Implementation,Phase-QA

= Note =
*These instructions are out of date.* I prefer that you [mailto:recover89@gmail.com email me] if you want to translate the program. Thanks.

= Introduction =

Okay, so you've decided to translate my program. Great!
It's pretty simple, all you have to do is download a zip file and translate three files.
You can download the file here: [http://altdrag.googlecode.com/files/Localize-1.zip Localize-1.zip].

If you have any problems during the process, just let me know either [mailto:recover89@gmail.com via email] or post a comment below. Even if you figure out the problem without my help, please let me know what was confusing so I can improve this page. If you have any technical problems, such as finding the language-territory codes below, I can fill in the blanks for you, just leave them unchanged.

Once you have the file, you will have to extract it, use a program like [http://www.7-zip.org/ 7-zip] to do that.
Then, rename the "_en-US_" directory to your language-territory codes.
In "_en-US_", the "_en_" specify the language and the "_US_" specify the territory.
For example, here in Sweden we have "_sv_" for _Svenska_ (the Swedish language) and "_SE_" for _Sweden_.
You can find your language code [http://www.loc.gov/standards/iso639-2/php/code_list.php in this list] (the ISO 639-1 code) and your territory code [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2#Officially_assigned_code_elements in this list] (the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code).

= Lets translate! =
Open _strings.h_ with a text editor, Notepad will work fine.
The first thing you see is a comment with license text.
Update the second line, which have the text "_xx-XX localization by XXX (email)_", with your language-territory, your name and your email, if you want to be credited.
After the license block, you will see the text `struct strings en_US={`. It will create a string structure and will contain your strings. Update `en_US` to your language-territory code.
In the next lines you will see the strings that appear in the program. Before each string, there's a short comment about where the string will appear, e.g: `/* menu_enable */`, after it there's the actual string, e.g: `L"Enable"`. The `L` means that the string is in Unicode. Having strings in Unicode means that it should be possible to translate the program to virtually all languages.

Just continue translating all the strings until you reach the bottom. You will probably see the text `APP_NAME`, `APP_VERSION`, and `APP_URL` in some places. These will be automatically replaced when I compile the program, so just leave them.
Here's an explanation of the strings you'll see:
|| `menu_xxx`      || These strings are the ones that appear in the tray menu. ||
|| `tray_xxx`      || These strings are the tooltips for the tray icon. `APP_NAME` is used here, and will automatically replaced during compilation. ||
|| `update_xxx`    || The update messages. ||
|| `about_xxx`     || The about dialog. Update "_XXX (email)_" with your name and email if you want to be credited. ||

Great, now you've translated the program, now it's time to translate _info.txt_.
Just open up _info.txt_ with Notepad and start translating. Update "_XXX (email)_" as usual.
You don't have to translate the changelog, but if you think it would be helpful, you are welcome to do so.

The final thing you need to translate is the installer.
Open up _installer.nsh_ with Notepad. Update "_xx-XX_" and "_XXX (email)_" as usual.
Here's an explanation of the installer strings:
|| `MUI_LANGUAGE`        || Replace `English` with your language in English (e.g. `Spanish`, not `Español`). ||
|| `LANG`                || Replace `ENGLISH` with your language in English. ||
|| `L10N_UPDATE_xxx`     || The update messages in the installer. ||
|| `L10N_RUNNING_xxx`    || These messages will pop up if AltDrag is already running. ||
|| `L10N_CLOSING`        || This is what gets into the log if the user chose to close AltDrag. ||
|| `L10N_SHORTCUT`       || The option to put AltDrag on the start menu. ||
|| `L10N_AUTOSTART`      || The option to put AltDrag on autostart. ||
|| `L10N_AUTOSTART_HIDE` || The option to hide the tray icon if AltDrag is autostarted. ||

Do not translate the text _Localization out of date!_, it is not used in the program.

= You're done! =
All you have to do now is zip the directory and email it to me at [mailto:recover89@gmail.com recover89@gmail.com].
If you chose to translate the changelog, I will email you every time I release a new version, even though no other strings have changed.
I will hopefully be able to release the translated version within a few days.
You are welcome to translate my other programs as well, take a look at [http://code.google.com/p/shutdownguard/ ShutdownGuard].